P2P specs (#1274)
rollkit/rollkit: p2p/p2p.md

# P2P

Every rollup node (both full and light) runs a P2P client using [go-libp2p][go-libp2p] P2P networking stack for gossiping transactions in the rollup's P2P network. The same P2P client is also used by the header and block sync services for gossiping headers and blocks.

Following parameters are required for creating a new instance of a P2P client:

* P2PConfig (described below)
* [go-libp2p][go-libp2p] private key
* chainID: rollup identifier
* datastore: an instance of [go-datastore][go-datastore]

> * logger

Reviewer: Can we elaborate on what these parameters are used for in the P2P client?

```go
// P2PConfig stores configuration related to peer-to-peer networking.
type P2PConfig struct {
	ListenAddress string // Address to listen for incoming connections
	Seeds         string // Comma separated list of seed nodes to connect to
	BlockedPeers  string // Comma separated list of nodes to ignore
	AllowedPeers  string // Comma separated list of nodes to whitelist
}
```

> A P2P client also instantiates a [connection gator][conngater] to blacklist and whitelist peers specified in the `P2PConfig`.

Reviewer 2: We should uses the same language in the code. 
```suggestion
A P2P client also instantiates a [connection gator][conngater] to block and allow peers specified in the `P2PConfig`.
```
